starter_files/README.md, before:

# Operationalizing Machine Learning

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.

In this project, we use Azure to **configure a cloud-based machine learning production model, deploy it, and consume it**.
We will also create, publish, and consume a pipeline.

## Summary

**Personal information**: Occupation, age, marital status and education.

![imgpersonal](img/personal_data.png)

**Financial information**: Debts and other data about customer's financial health.

![imgfinance](img/financial_data.png)

**Target**: The variable we seek to predict is the one that tells us if a given person is a potential client or not.
 
![imgtarget](img/target.png)


## Architectural Diagram
*TODO*: Provide an architectual diagram of the project and give an introduction of each step. An architectural diagram is an image that helps visualize the flow of operations from start to finish. In this case, it has to be related to the completed project, with its various stages that are critical to the overall flow. For example, one stage for managing models could be "using Automated ML to determine the best model". 

## Key Steps
1. **Data Preparation**: When autoML run is created, *Bank-Marketing* data is uploaded and registered so that we can use it in our experiments.
![imgdatareg](img/AutoML-RegData.png)    

<!-- <img src="img/AutoML-RegData.png" width="800" height="250" /> -->

## Screen Recording
*TODO* Provide a link to a screen recording of the project in action. Remember that the screencast should demonstrate:

## Standout Suggestions
*TODO (Optional):* This is where you can provide information about any standout suggestions that you have attempted.

Commit message:

Update README with key steps

starter_files/README.md, after:

# Operationalizing Machine Learning

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.

In this project, we use Azure to **configure a cloud-based machine learning production model, deploy it, and consume it**.
We will also create, publish, and consume a pipeline.

## Summary

**Personal information**: Occupation, age, marital status and education.

![imgpersonal](img/personal_data.png)

**Financial information**: Debts and other data about customer's financial health.

![imgfinance](img/financial_data.png)

**Target**: The variable we seek to predict is the one that tells us if a given person is a potential client or not.
 
![imgtarget](img/target.png)


## Architectural Diagram
*TODO*: Provide an architectual diagram of the project and give an introduction of each step. An architectural diagram is an image that helps visualize the flow of operations from start to finish. In this case, it has to be related to the completed project, with its various stages that are critical to the overall flow. For example, one stage for managing models could be "using Automated ML to determine the best model". 

## Key Steps
1. **Data Preparation**: When AutoML run is created, *Bank-Marketing* data is uploaded and registered so that we can use it in our experiments.
![imgdatareg](img/AutoML-RegData.png)    

<!-- <img src="img/AutoML-RegData.png" width="800" height="250" /> -->
2. **Experiment Run**: AutoML experiment correctly run and submitted.
![imgexprun](img/AutoML-ExpRun.png)

3. **Best Model**: The best performing model is the one using *VotingEnsemble*.
As it was mentioned in **ML-Pipeline** project, due to the high target unbalancement, we're going to focus on *macro* metrics.
![imgexprunrrank](img/AutoML-Runs.png)
![imgbestperfmod](img/BestModelPerf.png)

4. **Deploy Model**: Create an endpoint associated to an ACI.
![imgmoddep](img/AutoML-Deployed.png)  

5. **Activate Application Insights**:
   1. Check out *az* extension is installed with `az version` and `az extension add -n azure-cli-ml`.
   2. Create a python virtual environment with `virtualenv venv`.
   3. 
## Screen Recording
*TODO* Provide a link to a screen recording of the project in action. Remember that the screencast should demonstrate:

## Standout Suggestions
*TODO (Optional):* This is where you can provide information about any standout suggestions that you have attempted.
